Per our discussion on 10th December, following goals have been assigned to you for 3rd Month of your probation (December 10, 2025 - January 10, 2026):

[Technical] Development of 2 non-legacy parsers with functional ORMs:
Complete analysis of at least 2 non-legacy parsers, including message generation, comparison, and identification of changes needed to port the parser on Hub.
Demonstrate the working of outbound ORM messages for both of the developed parsers.
Fully understand the granular details involved in developing the ORM on Hub from scratch.

[Technical] Domain and hands-on expertise on Inbound ORUs:
Establish complete understanding of the workflows associated with inbound message transmissions.
Thoroughly understand the reprocessing mechanism of inbound messages.
Develop and demonstrate at least one parser with end-to-end flow of inbound message transmission in fully functional state.

[Technical] Understanding Git as a tool (https://docs.chaicode.com/):
Establish concrete understanding of Git as a tool for source code management.
Fully understand the concept of repositories and branches, and associated terminologies, including (but not limited to):
Repository
Branches
Base Branches (main, master, production, etc.)
Rebasing
Commits
Squash commits
Stage changes
Stash
Pull and fetch
Push
Pull requests
Merges

[Technical] Branching strategy and structure for Interfaces:
Establish complete structural understanding of branches in repositories, relevant to Interfaces.
Understand the strategy internally built and followed by the development team for Interfaces.
Concrete understanding and ability to completely manage the branches using Azure DevOps.

[Technical Support] Analysis of live issues and L3 support requests:
Actively participate in the analysis of problem statement described in live issue and/or L3 support request description.
Work closely with the assignees of L1/L3 tickets to observe the approach applied to identify the problem, and execution of necessary steps to implement the fix.
Work closely with QA member to understand the workflows, that tester identifies for testing, in scope of specific L1/L3. Evaluate if the identified scenarios ensure complete coverage of the area under impact.

[Process Compliance] Scrum practices and Release management process:
Complete understanding of scrum practices followed within the team, including:
Scrum ceremonies
Tasking
Effort estimation
Effort logging
Complete understanding of release management process, that scopes: 
Thorough understanding of all stages involved in REL plan.
Understand the purpose and associated use case(s) of baseline, release and regression servers.
Ability to fully understand all of the fields available in the Deployment Task.
Ability to understand the deployment models of interface hub.

These goals have been documented on Workday as well. Please ensure that their status remains updated at all times through the 3rd month, for transparency and tracking. 
